@Author>>>  SHAHIN GADIMOV
			BATCH 10
			SDET - 2018 FALL

Long long ago , far far away , there was a town called Objectville. There was a 
	Person called Foo, Foo is a Doctor, interestingly every doctor in Objectville 
	is also a Motorcyclist .
Some know Foo as just a Person like themselves who eat(), sleep(). Others know him 
	as Doctor as he is and know he can doOperation(); His Motorcycle group know him 
	as a Motorcyclist who can ride().

So we can extract this from this passage: 
	Doctor extends Person implements Motorcyclist { }

At hospital 
	Doctor foo = new Doctor(); 

Foo can do everything a Person, Doctor and Motorcyclist can do if you call him 
	doctor outside Hospital 
	Person pFoo = (Person) foo;  or  
	Person pFoo = foo;
Foo can only do general Person related if you refer him as Person

In his motorcycle group 
	Motorcyclist mFoo = (Motorcyclist) foo ; or 
	Motorcyclist mFoo =  foo;
Foo can only do Motorcyclist behavior if you refer him as Motorcyclist

One day Foo was heading home by bus with full of others (each of them sub class of 
	Person and implicitly upcasted to Person).
	Person[] people = { new FireFighter(), new Teacher() ,foo,  new Student().. };

Suddenly someone faint and need an operation ASAP. In order to help the man the 
	Person has to be Doctor. So bus driver tried to cast each of them to check whether 
	one can help the man.

First Person: 
	Person person1 =  people[0] ;    
	Doctor d1 =  (Doctor) person1;

	BOOM ClassCastException at RUNTIME! cant cast a firefighter to a doctor

Second Person : 
	Person person2 =  people[1] ;    
	Doctor d2 =  (Doctor) person2

	BOOM ClassCastException at RUNTIME! cant cast a teacher to a doctor

Third Person : 
	Person person3 =  people[2] ;
	Doctor d3 =  (Doctor) person3

	YAY! person3 is foo and he is a Doctor , cast successful ! He can doOperation!

Foo did the operation and saved the day, even he was just a Person , underlining 
	identity is a Doctor.

Now the man is saved ,he need to be at hospital for final checkup. Bus driver asked 
	again is there any Motorcyclist. Having hit class cast exception few times 
	before finding foo, Bus driver decide to check each person with instanceof keyword
	before casting them for safety. 

	person1 instanceof Motorcyclist and he tried same thing for everyone . 

It turned out foo is also a Motorcyclist  along with few others who implemented 
	Motorcyclist interface. So he took the man to hospital as Motorcyclist
	Motorcyclist m = foo ; 

At hospital , he was told only doctors are allowed in with him and he need to be 
	downcasted
	Doctor docFoo = (Doctor) m ; 

Since underlying identity of foo is still Doctor , he was successfully downcasted to
	Doctor. From the beginning till end, even though foo was referred by multiple 
	different references (Doctor, Person, Motorcyclist) , there was only one object 
	foo has been pointing to, What a Polymorphic Day ! 

What did you learn from this? Open question

ANSWER:	This is a great example of how polymorphism can make the code reusable and 
		flexible.
		By declaring only one variable instance of Doctor, we can polymorphically
		access its super-class and implemented interface, as long as we have our
		casting done correctly. 
	 	In a long run, this also saves us a lot of heap space and makes our code 
	 	compile and complete faster because this way we are avoiding creation of 
	 	multiple objects that will require us to null them in order to have them
	 	garbage collected when the time comes.
	 	This also makes our code easy to read because, we can create one foo
	 	variable which we can then switch to where it is pointing to by casting
	 	it accordingly.